the pressure to the university and the right
Chilean now guastavino fernández
finish me
and university two minutes sebastián de
guastavino and with a shot from the right
left post opens the scoreboard
university visit 1 gálvez 0 el chapo
permanent
good goal did not come playing almost all
the players entered by the side
left
I'll make this wine for you and you'll be
give the pass to the last truth of putting
a tampon
it's easy to guastavino and the definition
and the strong chapu open the account to
two minutes important university
important the goal because it is early
it's at the dawn of the game as it
I would say and it will give you peace of mind
let's wait and see how Gálvez handles it
now
fernandez who has had a lot
irregularity in university also
very few goals have
I would like to know really how many
goals have the tournament
remember that in the last four
matches like this is in a moment
well at one time this was almost almost
the solution for what I wanted to join
about the middle being installed after
it was diluting and disappeared
3goles seems to have
3goles has elements
jose team takes one galvez
cross auction
or
de josé gálvez de chimbote are more
that 24 minutes tie the score with a
funny left looking for that amount
picture after the account the team that
it was a little doubt of the see what
way I was going to react to that first
goal and college
the service the ball over the area
until freedom
and josé gálvez from chimbote
at 19 minutes from the initial part of the
Juniors commitment to have fun
bounce in the area and snail with the
second for the button cut the charge
the 2 university
and the advantage of a live player of a
front who is attentive to any
error falls asleep the defense of
university there we see it
Combing wins the ball up chemo
ruiz and then leaves the liberty fund
to win the video to all
central looks out of the fund wins you the
back cooler and there is a Chilean average
that allows you to put 2 to 1 to vote
here the service is coming but you are
on this left has it guardian
in the care keep the tops
do not
university students at 36 minutes the
lefthander rafael guard to tie the
meat marker 2 university
but fair just
or better very interesting a prospectus a
very interesting project for
university but Peruvian soccer and here
find this fair
to see strong a play wants to put the
head the defender of gálvez puts the
lace fits and fishing the
Awesome left - handed ball to the stick
opposite
there
the referee very close no play
dangerous after the cross volley to the
bat opposite to which he defended to laugh
this is normal the result so it's done
for what he has done university in the
second time is normal is the team
who pressed the team that sought and
there are 8 to 10 11 minutes for women